cloud: support data service (#12711)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-endpoint.md

---
title: Manage an Endpoint
summary: Learn how to create, develop, test, publish, and delete an endpoint in a Data App in the TiDB Cloud console.
---

# Manage an Endpoint

This document describes how to manage your endpoints in a Data App in the TiDB Cloud console.

> 

Reviewer: We should explain what is an endpoint and what it does

> **Note:**
>

> > Before you manage an endpoint, make sure that you have created a Data App. For more information, see [Create a Data App](/tidb-cloud/data-service-manage-data-app.md#create-a-data-app).

Reviewer: how about making this a `## before you begin`?

2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App and click **...** > **Create Endpoint**.

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also locate the Data App and click <svg width="16" height="16" viewBox="0 -2 24 24" fill="none" stroke-width="3" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 5V19M5 12H19" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg> **Create Endpoint** at the top of the left pane.

3. The newly created endpoint is added to the top of the endpoint list.

## Develop an endpoint

### Name

To rename an endpoint, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its endpoints.
3. Locate the endpoint you want to rename, click **...** > **Rename**., and enter a new name for the endpoint.

### Properties

On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Properties** tab to view and manage the following properties of the endpoint:

> - **Path**: the unique path of the endpoint that is used for users to access it.

Reviewer: unique 是指 app-level 还是 project-level，org-level？

    - To get the service URL of the endpoint, you can hover your mouse over **SERVICE_URL**. For example, `https://data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/apps/dataapi/endpoints`.
    - The path can only contain letters, numbers, and underscores (`_`) and must start with a slash (`/`). For example, `/my_endpoint`.

- **Request Method**: the HTTP method of the endpoint. The following methods are supported:

    - `GET`: it is recommended to use the `GET` method to get data, such as `SELECT` statement.
    - `POST`: it is recommended to use the `POST` method to insert data, such as `INSERT` and `CREATE` statements.

- **Timeout(ms)**: the timeout for the endpoint.

    - Default value: `10000`
    - Maximum value: `10000`
    - Unit: millisecond

- **Return Maximum Rows**: the maximum number of rows returned by the endpoint.

    - Default value: `2000`
    - Maximum value: `2000`

- **Description** (Optional): the description of the endpoint.

### Parameters

> On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Params** tab to view and manage the parameters used in the endpoint.

Reviewer: 这里要不要提一下 parameter 要在 sql statements 里创建，我读到这里的时候发现没有 param 也不知道去哪里声明

Author: 这里准备把 SQL statements 放到 Parameters 前面

### Version

On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Version** tab to view and manage the published versions of the endpoint.

In the **Version** tab, you can publish the current draft version, publish a historical version, and unpublish the current version.

## Save an endpoint

To save an endpoint, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its endpoints.
3. Click the name of the endpoint you want to save to go to its details page.
4. Click **Save** in the upper-right corner.

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also press **Control + S** (or ⌘ + S on macOS) to test the endpoint.

## Test an endpoint

To test an endpoint, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its endpoints.
3. Click the name of the endpoint you want to test to go to its details page.

> 4. (Optional) If the endpoint contains parameters, you need to set test values for the parameters before testing.

Reviewer: Click save before testing?

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also locate the Data App and click **+** **Create Endpoint** at the top of the left pane.

3. The newly created endpoint is added to the top of the endpoint list.

You can also create an endpoint from a SQL file in Chat2Query (beta). For more details, see [Generate an endpoint from a SQL file](/tidb-cloud/explore-data-with-chat2query.md#generate-an-endpoint-from-a-sql-file)

## Develop an endpoint

For each endpoint, you can write SQL statements to execute on a TiDB cluster, define parameters for the SQL statements, or manage the name and version.

### Configure properties

On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Properties** tab to view and manage the following properties of the endpoint:

- **Endpoint Path**: the unique path of the endpoint that users use to access it.

    - The path must be unique within a Data App.
    - Only letters, numbers, underscores (`_`), and slashs (`/`) are allowed in the path, which must start with a slash (`/`). For example, `/my_endpoint/get_id`.
    - The length of the path must be less than 64 characters.

> - **Endpoint URL**: (read-only) the URL is automatically generated based on the service URL of the Data App and the path of the endpoint. For example, if the path of the endpoint is `/my_endpoint/get_id`, the endpoint URL is `https://data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/apps/{APP_ID}/endpoint/my_endpoint/get_id`.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Endpoint URL**: (read-only) the URL is automatically generated based on the service URL of the Data App and the path of the endpoint. For example, if the path of the endpoint is `/my_endpoint/get_id`, the endpoint URL is `https://data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/app/<AppID>/endpoint/my_endpoint/get_id`.
```

### Configure parameters

On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Params** tab to view and manage the parameters used in the endpoint.

In the **Definition** section, you can view and manage the following properties for a parameter:

- The parameter name: the name can only include letters, digits, underscores (`_`) and must start with a letter or a underscore (`_`).
- **Required**: specifies whether the parameter is required in the request. The default configuration is set to not required.
- **Type**: specifies the data type of the parameter. Supported values are `STRING`, `NUMBER`, and `BOOLEAN`.
- **Default Value**: specifies the default value of the parameter.

    - Make sure that the value can be converted to the type of parameter. Otherwise, the endpoint returns an error.
    - If you do not set a test value for a parameter, the default value is used when testing the endpoint.

In the **Test Values** section, you can view and set test parameters. These values are used as the parameter values when you test the endpoint. Make sure that the value can be converted to the type of parameter. Otherwise, the endpoint returns an error.

> ### Mange versions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Manage versions
```

    On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Deployments** tab to view the deployed history.

## Call an endpoint

To call an endpoint, you can send an HTTPS request to either an undeployed draft version or a deployed online version of the endpoint.

### Prerequisites

Before calling an endpoint, you need to create an API key. For more information, refer to [Create an API key](/tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md#create-an-api-key).

### Request

TiDB Cloud generates code examples to help you call an endpoint. To get the code example, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its endpoints.
3. Locate the endpoint you want to call and click **...** > **Code Example**. The **Code Example** dialog box is displayed.

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also click the endpoint name to view its details and click **...** > **Code Example** in the upper-right corner.

> 4. In the dialog box, select the environment and language that you want to use to call the endpoint, and then copy the code example.

Author: ```suggestion
4. In the dialog box, select the environment that you want to use to call the endpoint, and then copy the code example.
```

    > **Note:**
    >
    > - The code examples are generated based on the properties and parameters of the endpoint.
    > - The online environment is available only after you deploy the endpoint.
    > - Currently, TiDB Cloud only provides the curl code example.

    An example of the curl code example is as follows:

    <SimpleTab>
    <div label="Test Environment">

    To call a draft version of the endpoint, you need to add the `endpoint-type: draft` header:

    ```bash
    curl --digest --user '<Public Key>:<Private Key>' --request GET 'https://data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/app/<AppID>/endpoint/<ENDPOINT_PATH>'\
    --header 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded'\
    --header 'endpoint-type: draft'
    ```

    </div>

    <div label="Online Environment">

    You must deploy your endpoint first before checking the code example in the online environment.

    To call the current online version of the endpoint, use the following command:

    ```bash

>     curl --digest --user '<Public Key>:<Private Key>' --request GET 'https://data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/app/<AppID>/endpoint/<ENDPOINT_PATH>'\
>     --header 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded'\

Author: ```suggestion
    curl --digest --user '<Public Key>:<Private Key>' \
      --request GET 'https://data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/app/<App ID>/endpoint/<Endpoint Path>'
```

    ```

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

5. Paste the code example in your application and run it.

>     - You need to replace the `{Public Key}` and `{Private Key}` placeholders with your API key. For more information, refer to [Manage an API key](/tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md).

Author: ```suggestion
    - You need to replace the `<Public Key>` and `<Private Key>` placeholders with your API key. For more information, refer to [Manage an API key](/tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md).
```

Before you call an endpoint, make sure that you have created an API key in the Data App. For more information, see [Create an API key](/tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md#create-an-api-key).

## Create an endpoint

To create an endpoint, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App and click **...** > **Create Endpoint**. You can update the default name if necessary.

    <!--TODO: Add the icon to MDSvgIcon.tsx-->

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also locate the Data App and click <svg width="16" height="16" viewBox="0 -2 24 24" fill="none" stroke-width="3" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 5V19M5 12H19" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg> **Create Endpoint** at the top of the left pane.

3. The newly created endpoint is added to the top of the endpoint list.

> You can also create an endpoint from a SQL file in Chat2Query (beta). For more details, see [Generate an endpoint from a SQL file](/tidb-cloud/explore-data-with-chat2query.md#generate-an-endpoint-from-a-sql-file)

Author: @hfxsd PTAL

Before you call an endpoint, make sure that you have created an API key in the Data App. For more information, see [Create an API key](/tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md#create-an-api-key).

## Create an endpoint

To create an endpoint, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App and click **...** > **Create Endpoint**. You can update the default name if necessary.

    <!--TODO: Add the icon to MDSvgIcon.tsx-->
    <!--TODO: Update the icon-->

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also locate the Data App and click <svg width="16" height="16" viewBox="0 -2 24 24" fill="none" stroke-width="3" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 5V19M5 12H19" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg> **Create Endpoint** at the top of the left pane.

3. The newly created endpoint is added to the top of the endpoint list.

## Develop an endpoint

> For each endpoint, you can write SQL statements to execute on a TiDB cluster, define parameters for the SQL statements, or manage their name and version.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For each endpoint, you can write SQL statements to execute on a TiDB cluster, define parameters for the SQL statements, or manage the name and version.
```

    After running the statements, you can see the query results immediately in the **Result** tab at the bottom of the page.

### Configure parameters

On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Params** tab to view and manage the parameters used in the endpoint.

In the **Definition** section, you can view and manage the following properties for a parameter:

- **Required**: specifies whether the parameter is required in the request. The default configuration is set to not required.
- **Type**: specifies the data type of the parameter. Supported values are `STRING`, `NUMBER`, and `BOOLEAN`.
- **Default Value** (Optional): specifies the default value of the parameter.

    - Make sure that the value can be converted to the type of parameter. Otherwise, the endpoint returns an error.
    - If you do not set a test value for a parameter, the default value is used when testing the endpoint.

In the **Test Values** section, you can view and set test parameters. These values are used as the parameter values when you test the endpoint. Make sure that the value can be converted to the type of parameter. Otherwise, the endpoint returns an error.

> ### Mange version

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Mange versions
```

### Prerequisites

Before calling an endpoint, you need to create an API key. For more information, refer to [Create an API key](/tidb-cloud/data-service-api-key.md#create-an-api-key).

### Request

TiDB Cloud generates code examples to help you call an endpoint. To get the code example, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its endpoints.
3. Locate the endpoint you want to call and click **...** > **Code Example**. The **Code Example** dialog box is displayed.

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also click the endpoint name to view its details and click **...** > **Code Example** in the upper-right corner.

4. In the dialog box, select the environment and language that you want to use to call the endpoint, and then copy the code example.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > - The code examples are generated based on the properties and parameters of the endpoint.
    > - The online environment is available only after you deploy the endpoint.

>     > - Currently, TiDB Cloud only provides the cURL code example.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    > - Currently, TiDB Cloud only provides the curl code example.
```

>     An example of the cURL code example is as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    An example of the curl code example is as follows:
```

    <SimpleTab>
    <div label="Test Environment">

>     To call a draft version of the endpoint, you need to add the `endpoint-type: draft` header:

Author: Yes. I modified L172 to: 
```markdown
## Call an endpoint

To call an endpoint, you can send an HTTPS request to either an undeployed draft version or a deployed online version of the endpoint.
```

    ```bash
    curl --digest --user '<Public Key>:<Private Key>' --request GET 'https://data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/app/<AppID>/endpoint/<ENDPOINT_PATH>'\
    --header 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded'\
    --header 'endpoint-type: draft'
    ```

    </div>

    <div label="Online Environment">

>     To call the current online version of the endpoint, use the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    You must deploy your endpoint first before checking the code example in the online environment.
    
    To call the current online version of the endpoint, use the following command:
```

## Develop an endpoint

For each endpoint, you can write SQL statements to execute on a TiDB cluster, define parameters for the SQL statements, or manage the name and version.

### Configure properties

On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Properties** tab to view and manage the following properties of the endpoint:

- **Path**: the unique path of the endpoint that users use to access it.

    - The path must be unique within a Data App.
    - Only letters, numbers, underscores (`_`), and slashs (`/`) are allowed in the path, which must start with a slash (`/`). For example, `/my_endpoint/get_id`.
    - The length of the path must be less than 64 characters.

- **Endpoint URL**: (read-only) the URL is automatically generated based on the service URL of the Data App and the path of the endpoint. For example, if the path of the endpoint is `/my_endpoint/get_id`, the endpoint URL is `https://data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/apps/{APP_ID}/endpoint/my_endpoint/get_id`.

- **Request Method**: the HTTP method of the endpoint. The following methods are supported:

    - `GET`: use this method to query data, such as a `SELECT` statement.

>     - `POST`: use this method to insert data, such as an `INSERT` or `CREATE` statement.

Reviewer 4: 这里吧 create删掉
use this method to insert data, such as an `INSERT` statement.

- **Timeout(ms)**: the timeout for the endpoint.

    - Default value: `5000`
    - Maximum value: `30000`
    - Minimum value: `1`
    - Unit: millisecond

- **Max Rows**: the maximum number of rows that the endpoint returns.

    - Default value: `50`
    - Maximum value: `2000`
    - Minimum value: `1`

- **Description** (Optional): the description of the endpoint.

> ### Write SQL statements

Reviewer 4: 这里增加一段 AI的描述吧，和chat2query一样

> On the SQL editor of the endpoint details page, you can write and run the SQL statements for an endpoint.

Author: ```suggestion
On the SQL editor of the endpoint details page, you can write and run the SQL statements for an endpoint. You can also simply type `--` followed by your instructions to let AI generate SQL statements automatically.
```

2. Write your SQL statements.

    To define a parameter, you can insert it as a variable placeholder like `${ID}` in the SQL statement. For example, `SELECT * FROM table_name WHERE id = ${ID}`. Then, you can click the **Params** tab on the right pane to change the parameter definition and test values. For more information, see [Parameters](#configure-parameters).

    > **Note:**
    >
    > - The parameter name is case-sensitive.
    > - The parameter cannot be used as a table name or column name.

3. Run the SQL statements.

    If you have inserted parameters in the SQL statements, make sure that you set the test values or default values for the parameters in the **Params** tab on the right pane. Otherwise, an error is returned.

    To run a SQL statement, select the line of the SQL with your cursor and click **Run** > **Run at Cursor**.

    To run all SQL statements in the SQL editor, click **Run**. In this case, only the last SQL results are returned.

    After running the statements, you can see the query results immediately in the **Result** tab at the bottom of the page.

> ### Configure parameters

Reviewer 4: param name的限制，看要不要加上
The name only can include letters, digits, underscores (_) and must start with a letter or underscores (_).

On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Params** tab to view and manage the parameters used in the endpoint.

In the **Definition** section, you can view and manage the following properties for a parameter:

> 

Author: ```suggestion

- The parameter name: the name only can include letters, digits, underscores (`_`) and must start with a letter or underscores (`_`).
```

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its endpoints.
3. Click the name of the endpoint you want to test to view its details.
4. (Optional) If the endpoint contains parameters, you need to set test values before testing.

    1. On the right pane of the endpoint details page, click the **Params** tab.
    2. Expand the **Test Values** section and set test values for the parameters.

        If you do not set a test value for a parameter, the default value is used.

5. Click **Test** in the upper-right corner.

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also press <kbd>F5</kbd> to test the endpoint.

After testing the endpoint, you can see the response as JSON at the bottom of the page. For more information about the JSON response, refer to [Response of an endpoint](#response).

## Deploy an endpoint

To deploy an endpoint, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its endpoints.

> 3. Locate the endpoint you want to deploy and click **...** > **Deploy**.
> 
>     > **Tip:**
>     >
>     > Alternatively, you can also click the endpoint name to view its details and click **Deploy** in the upper-right corner.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Locate the endpoint you want to deploy, click the endpoint name to view its details, and then click **Deploy** in the upper-right corner.
```

>     > Alternatively, you can also click the endpoint name to view its details and click **Deploy** in the upper-right corner.

Reviewer 4: 当前只能在 endpoint 页面右上角 deploy

| Field | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `code` | The status code of the request. `200` indicates that the request is successful. |
| `message` | The status message of the request. The value `ok` indicates that the request is successful. |
| `data` | An array containing the data returned by the request. |
| `err_code` | The error code of the request. The value `0` indicates that there is no error. |
| `err_message` | The error message of the request. |
| `sql` | The SQL statements that are executed by the request. |
| `columns` | An array containing the columns returned by the SQL statements. Each column contains the following fields: `col`, `data_type`, and `nullable`. |
| `rows` | An array containing the rows returned by the SQL statements. |
| `start_ms` | The Unix timestamp when the request starts. |
| `end_ms` | The Unix timestamp when the request ends. |
| `latency` | The latency of the request. |
| `row_count` | The number of rows returned by the SQL statements. |
| `row_affect` | The number of rows affected by the SQL statements. |
| `limit` | The maximum number of rows that returned by the SQL statements, which is specified in the **Max Rows** field of the endpoint. |

> | `query` | The query message of the SQL statements. `Query OK!` indicates that the SQL statements are executed successfully. |

Author: @langyuezhang PTAL

    <!--TODO: Add the icon to MDSvgIcon.tsx-->

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also locate the Data App and click <svg width="16" height="16" viewBox="0 -2 24 24" fill="none" stroke-width="3" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M12 5V19M5 12H19" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="inherit" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg> **Create Endpoint** at the top of the left pane.

3. The newly created endpoint is added to the top of the endpoint list.

## Develop an endpoint

For each endpoint, you can write SQL statements to execute on a TiDB cluster, define parameters for the SQL statements, or manage their name and version.

### Configure properties

On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Properties** tab to view and manage the following properties of the endpoint:

- **Path**: the unique path of the endpoint that users use to access it. The path should be unique within a Data App and is appended to the service URL of the endpoint.

    - To obtain the service URL of the endpoint, hover your mouse over **SERVICE_URL**. For example, `https://data.tidbcloud.com/api/v1beta/apps/{APP_ID}/endpoint`.

>     - Only letters, numbers, and underscores (`_`) are allowed in the path, which must start with a slash (`/`). For example, `/my_endpoint`.

Reviewer 4: The path must be a maximum of 64 characters in length and can contain letters, digits, underscores (_), forward slashes (/) and must start with a forward slash (/)

    - Make sure that the value can be converted to the type of parameter. Otherwise, the endpoint returns an error.
    - If you do not set a test value for a parameter, the default value is used when testing the endpoint.

In the **Test Values** section, you can view and set the test value for a parameter. These values are used as the parameter values when you test the endpoint. Make sure that the value can be converted to the type of parameter. Otherwise, the endpoint returns an error.

### Mange version

On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Version** tab to view and manage the published versions of the endpoint.

In the **Version** tab, you can publish a draft version, publish a historical version, and unpublish the online version.

### Rename

To rename an endpoint, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its endpoints.
3. Locate the endpoint you want to rename, click **...** > **Rename**., and enter a new name for the endpoint.

## Save an endpoint

> 

Reviewer 4: 这部分今天有个调整，改成 autosave 了

After testing the endpoint, you can see the response as JSON at the bottom of the page. For more information about the JSON response, refer to [Response of an endpoint](#response-of-an-endpoint)

## Publish an endpoint

> **Note:**
>
> Before you publish an endpoint, you need to save it. Otherwise, the latest changes are not taken into effect.

To publish an endpoint, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the [**Data Service**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/dataservice) page of your project.
2. In the left pane, click the name of your target Data App to view its endpoints.
3. Locate the endpoint you want to publish and click **...** > **Publish Endpoint**.

    > **Tip:**
    >
    > Alternatively, you can also click the endpoint name to view its details and click **...** > **Publish Endpoint** in the upper-right corner.

4. Click **Publish** to confirm the publication. You will get the **Endpoint has been published** prompt if the endpoint is successfully published.

    On the right pane of the endpoint details page, you can click the **Version** tab to view the publication history.

## Call an endpoint

> You can call the endpoint by sending an HTTP or HTTPS request.

Author: ```suggestion
You can call the endpoint by sending an HTTPS request.
```

    - You need to replace the `{PUBLIC KEY}` and `{PRIVATE KEY}` placeholders with your API key. For more information, refer to [Manage an API key](data-service-api-key.md).
    - If the endpoint contains parameters, specify the parameter values when calling the endpoint.

### Response

After calling an endpoint, you can see the response in JSON format. The following is an example:

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "message": "ok",
    "data": [
        {
            "error_code": 0,
            "error_message": "",
            "sql": "SELECT * FROM t1;",
            "columns": [
                {
                    "col": "id",
                    "data_type": "INT",
                    "nullable": false
                },
                ...
            ],
            "rows": [
                [
                    "1",
                    "a"
                ],
                ...
            ],
            "start_time": "2023-03-01 16:53:08.277",
            "end_time": "2023-03-01 16:53:08.713",
            "execute_time": "436ms",
            "row_count": 1,
            "row_affect": 0,
            "limit": 500,
            "query": "Query OK!"
        }
    ]
}
```

> The following table describes the fields in the response:

Author: @langyuezhang Please update the table
